Just an aunt
As for this form
The three great families of Zhonglong Kingdom are divided into three families
Although the Lu family is the richest man
But the state is better than power.
Sister, just your knowledge
Let's go back to Guizhou
Ann was right
This is Miss Lu's return banquet
Just you poor
Why attend such a high-level banquet?
I'm afraid Mrs. Shen has forgotten
Now I have hahaha
Why do you want to say that you are the Miss Lu family?
Sister, do you think I don't know?
Your family raises pigs in the countryside
To survive by selling my daughter's dowry
It is also comparable to the Lu family
I mean this guy
You have to accept your fate
Don't have that rich life
Just go back and get married and farm the land well
Don't think about climbing the wealthy family day by day
Do you need money for the Lu family?
Good dogs don't get in the way
You dare to call me an opportunity
I gave you face, stop
Doudou, I am the hope of Mr. Shen
Hey, what did you do wrong?